Install Script (#51)
TomWhitwell/SlowMovie: README.md

SlowMovie requires [Python 3](https://www.python.org). It uses [FFmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org) via [ffmpeg-python](https://pypi.org/project/ffmpeg-python) for video processing, and [Pillow](https://python-pillow.org) for image processing. [ConfigArgParse](https://pypi.org/project/ConfigArgParse) is used for configuration and argument handling.

> ### Quick install
> 
> You can quickly install this repository and all required libraries via an install script. This is a simple way to get started if you're not as comfortable with the command line. You'll be presented with 4 options when you run the script:
> 
> 1. Install/Upgrade SlowMovie - this will download the repository and install/update any libraries needed
> 2. Install SlowMovie Service - run the commands install the SlowMovie service file as described below
> 3. Uninstall SlowMovie Service - uninstall the SlowMovie service
> 4. Exit
> 
> ```
> 
> bash <(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TomWhitwell/SlowMovie/master/Install/install.sh)
> 
> ```
> 
> You can re-run the script at any time in the `Install` folder to update.
> 
> ### Manually

Reviewer: Just some tweaks to make this a bit clearer hopefully.

Note that I couldn't use the triple-backtick format for code blocks while doing one of these review suggestions, so I had to change it to the quadruple-spaces formatting. It makes the same thing when rendered but it would be nice to keep it looking like
\```
bash .....
\```
In the actual change for consistency with the rest of the readme.

```suggestion
### Automated installation

You can quickly install this repository and all required libraries via an install script. This is a simple way to get started if you're not as comfortable with the command line.

To run the install script, open your terminal, copy-paste the following command in, and hit enter.

    bash <(curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/TomWhitwell/SlowMovie/master/Install/install.sh)

You'll be presented with 4 options when you run the script:

1. **Install/Upgrade SlowMovie** - download the repository and install/update any libraries needed
2. **Install SlowMovie Service** - run the commands install the SlowMovie service file as described below
3. **Uninstall SlowMovie Service** - uninstall the SlowMovie service
4. **Exit**

You can re-run the script at any time in the `Install` folder to update.

### Manual installation
```

> You can re-run the script at any time in the `Install` folder to update.

Reviewer 2: whiptail --yesno "SlowMovie install complete. To test, run './slowmovie.py'\n\nWould you like to install SlowMovie service to\nstart playback automatically?" 0 0
Then check the value of `$?`. 0 is Yes, 1 is No

> You'll be presented with 4 options when you run the script:
> 
> 1. **Install/Upgrade SlowMovie** - download the repository and install/update any libraries needed
> 2. **Install SlowMovie Service** - run the commands install the SlowMovie service file as described below
> 3. **Uninstall SlowMovie Service** - uninstall the SlowMovie service
> 4. **Exit**
> 
> You can re-run the script at any time in the `Install` folder to update.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll be presented with 4 options when you run the script:

1. **Install/Upgrade SlowMovie** - download the repository and install/update any libraries needed
2. **Install SlowMovie Service** - run the commands install the SlowMovie service file as described below
3. **Uninstall SlowMovie Service** - uninstall the SlowMovie service
4. **Exit**

For first-time automated installation, choose 1: Install/Upgrade SlowMovie. When prompted, you can choose "yes" to have the SlowMovie service installed as well which will enable playback to start automatically when the device is powered on or rebooted.

```

Little change to make this a bit more walkthrough-y and removing update instructions to somewhere else.

Reviewer: I think the

```
You can re-run the script at any time in the `Install` folder to update.
```

that I took out should be moved to a new subheading Usage -> Updating but it's not letting me suggest down there.

Author: I'll also add the other changes you mentioned in separate commit.

config file values, which in turn override defaults.
```

### SlowMovie Service

> SlowMovie can run as a service. To set this up you can either use option 2 from the install script ([see above](https://github.com/TomWhitwell/SlowMovie/#automated-installation)) or from the SlowMovie directory run the following:

Reviewer: Awesome

## License

> [MIT](/LICENSE)

Reviewer: What's happening here? Unintended whitespace change? intended whitespace correction?

Author: That was my guess. Didn't seem to hurt anything so I left it. Could be a windows vs linux line ending thing.

Reviewer: Cool, I'm sure it can't hurt, just weird :)
